Uncle, it seems that I am not the only one.
Do you want to take this CEO position?
Chen Shixian
You are just a burden on the Lin family
What qualifications do you have to be the president of Lin's Group?
Not to mention
The fall has been in Argentina before the ink
Lin Zhengting, I warn you
Don't talk nonsense
I don't want to say hahahaha
It's okay, I only have one condition.
What kind of condition?
I want the position of president of the Lin Group
Otherwise
The things I know
And I want you to hear it.
We were the ones who drove Lin Zhengting away
What right do you have?
Brother, they promised me in advance.
And let me be the general manager
You worthless thing
Chen Shixian, don't forget that at the signing ceremony
Who supported you?
uncle
We each take a step back to be like before
How about I give you 30% of Lin's Group?
Just 30% of the shares want to get rid of me
Don't forget the Lin group surname Lin
I am the president
The civil servant said
I'll see who will support me